Self introduction

Name
Place
Qualification
Profession
Family Background
Personal Traits


Part of Speech

Nouns - Name of the person,place,thing or idea

Pronouns - Words used in place of a noun

Verbs - Words that describe action or state of being

Adverbs - Add the value to the verb ends with ly

Adjectives - Words that describe nouns and pronouns

Prepositions - Words that show relation between two parts of the sentence


Nouns : -

	1. Concrete vs abstract
	2. Comman vs proper

We use 'the' when the word is repeted

We use 'a' when use use word first time
He knows English very well

Subjective pronouns- I , he , she ,they
Object pronouns - Him , her, them
Possesive - ours , mine , theirs ,hers
Reflexive - herself , himself , ourselves , themselves
Relative - Which, That, Who
Demonstrative - This, That
Interrogative - Whom, Whose, Who


Ing SPEAK more about to result


Adjective are those that describe about nouns

Annoying
Ambitious
Adorable
Aggressive 
Bright

We use 'AT' when we use place & time(specific)

We use 'ON' when we use surface

We use 'IN' when we use Inside 

1.If everyone has leadership potential, why is leadership a scarce resource .
2. How can I practice leadership.

Indianism

Indianism refers to a word or phrase which is a characteristic of Indian English.

Indianism: They spent five lakhs for the wedding. Correct usage: They spent five lakh for the wedding. Logic: Whether it is one lakh or more than one, the word 'lakh' is written as singular, not plural. You can say 'five lakh rupees', not 'five lakhs rupees' or 'five lakhs'.

 A word or phrase characteristic of English as spoken in India.
 Devotion to or preference for the people and culture of India.
 Devotion to traditional Native American culture or cultures.

Actually It is preference for the people which they spoke a word or phrase in india.
Proud to an Indian but not Indianism.
Stop speaking indian english words & pronounces that are not proper as per standard english grammer

 
Helping verbs helps to describe an action

	31. Upgrade - It is time to upgrade and add more memory
	32. Validate - You need an official signature to validate the order 
	33. Collaborate - Hopefully, these two authors will continue to collaborate on future novels
	34. Develop - I develop a game with the help of python language 
	35. Expand - Rahul expand their phone memory for better use
	36. Guide - Science is only true guide in life 
